General content feedback (#100)
simplabs/playbook: src/development-process/README.md

Although issues should be well-understood and well-prepared before they are even
planned for a particular [iteration](#iterations), for more complex issues it is

> often beneficial to break them down further before starting implementation. For

Reviewer: Hm, this might sound strange as we're now saying _"…break them down…"_ and _"…decompose them into…"_ in the next sentence.

Author: Agreed, I was trying to be more specific than "prepare". A bit of a different note though, the more I think about it the more I would recommend changing the word decomposition in all our text. It feels too close to something being rotten. Do you have any thoughts on that?

Reviewer: I'd be fine changing it. I don't have that association but it's a more technical term that would be used in engineering so maybe not a good fit here anyway and potentially overly technical/complex. So yeah, if we can find something simpler that's to the point I'm all for changing it.

necessary for everyone to understand what they do, how they do it and why. In
particular, good pull requests should have:

- A high-level summary of the changes that the pull request contains that
  provides the reader with a good overview without having to look at the actual
  code changes
- Guidance for testing the added or changed functionality; this is helpful for
  the reviewer, product or business experts looking at the pull request on a

>   [preview system](#preview-systems) and the Quality Assurance (QA) team

Reviewer: I think we should be saying something like

```suggestion
  [preview system](#preview-systems) and a Quality Assurance (QA) team if one exists
```
